From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes.
Our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists, Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 39 reported live
Thursday, November 5th, 2010. Support for Hanselman
it's as provided by Tellerik
rag controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottlerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Rob Connery about
their new podcast called this
developer's life. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes. It's
a crazy crossover edition of
Hanselman it's this week. Cause
I've got Rob Connery on
the show, Rob, the host
of this developer's life. Another
podcast that he and I
work on, how's it going,
Rob? It's going really well.
How are you? I'm very
well. I hear some things
in the background there. What's
going on over at the
Connery residence. Yeah, I should
warn you. We have some
rodents of unusual size fixing
up my house, a little
construction work going on and
I could not reschedule it.
So hopefully it's not gonna
be too loud. So this
will be a very good
episode to explain to people
how to do a podcast.
You get as many construction
workers as possible, maybe a
saw an air compressor secret
to my success, right? Yes.
High quality audio. Yep. So
what's involved. I know how
we make podcasts over here
because prop productions and Carl Franklin
and Lawrence Ryan, and all of
the folks at  work
on Hansel minutes. How, how
do you do the show?
I mean, I kind of
know, but, but let's pretend,
I don't know because there's
a, it's interesting, not just
the technical stuff, but the
inspiration and you know, how
does that work? What's the
production like? Well, you know,
the original inspiration for the
show was of course this
American life with one of
my favorite podcasts. But you
know, as I just thought,
you know, Hey, I could,
you know, I could do
something like this for the
development arena. It started to
hit me that, you know,
this developer's lie or I'm
sorry, this American life borrows
a lot from cinematic production
aesthetics, I spend let's, let's
make sure that remember that
a lot of our listeners
aren't American. So it has
as a way of context,
this American life is part
of public radio and public
radio international, which is a
kind of a national nonprofit,
you know, government run radio
and public. I think this
American life comes out of
WBZ Chicago, and it is
a, there's been about 400
shows now it's, it's largely
considered to be, you know,
well, it is technically the
number one podcast on iTunes
consistently. It is an extremely
popular radio show. They have
live shows where they'll come
and have people tell stories
on stage. So you can
go and see the radio
show recorded live. And the
general idea is that this
gentleman named IRA glass tells
stories and it's usually broken
up into acts and those
acts are based on themes.
So you'll have a theme
like I'm going to summer
camp and what's uniquely American
about going to summer camp,
you know, in this week's
episode three, three stories about
summer camp, yada yada yada.
So it's, it's very cinematic.
It's very structured. It's very
formal and they've honed it
over the last several years
to a fine, it's a,
it's a, it's a machine.
It's just a, it's a
very emotional, intense show. And
I think we both recommend
it to anybody. So for
those of you who aren't
in America, this American life
while uniquely American is certainly
appropriate for folks who live
elsewhere. I think so. And,
you know, I thought it
was also incredibly appropriate for
what we do in that.
You know, one of the
fun things when you get
together with other geeks, like
when, you know, when you
have your nerd dinner or
at conferences, you know, you
sit down and you share
stories, it's just part of
the human condition. And I
kind of figured that there's
so many podcasts out there
that talk about things. And
a lot of people, you
know, tend to get, I
don't wanna say snarky, but
it, as Miguel said in
our last podcast, we're perfectly
tuned complaining machines because we
see so many details and
things. And I thought, you
know, we need a bit
of inspiration, you know, and,
and some positivity out there,
that's sort of been my
goal and it terms of
how I make it. It's
a, it's sort of interesting
when you look at a
podcast, not as audio, but
more as cinema and because
that's, it's, it's storytelling and
which is a true audio
form. But if you convert
that into a cinematic form
in you start interspersing music
in there, there, there all
of a sudden becomes a
pace in a meter. And
next thing you know, you're,
you have to clip and
edit down to the most
minute detail to get actually
the pace and tone of
the, of the speaker or
the storyteller to match the
musical tone, to match an
overall pace inside of the
podcast. It's, it's pretty intense
work. I have to say.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if
you think about what we're
trying to do on Hanselman
is, is to educate, so
our editing, our story arc,
our intent, our, you know,
everything is tuned to give
you a little bit of
information that hopefully you didn't
have before, which is an
extremely different way of going
about things. Then this developer's
life. You're trying to have
an emotional effect on someone
and not, not informed, but
rather kind of enlightened. Yeah,
absolutely. In a, in a
way. So if you, you
know, if you're a fan
of like the daily show
with Jon Stewart, right. That
that's much more of a
live interactive experience, whereas, you
know, you could flip the
channel and then you're watching,
I don't know, 2001 space
Odyssey. You're not, it's just
a different, it's a different
vehicle, much more produced, more
honed, but it's, it's a
different way of telling stories.
I mean, both of them
get into the art of
storytelling. It's just a different,
I guess, a different vehicles,
what I'm trying to say.
Yeah. And, and you and
I have been at conferences
over the last five or
six years, and we've been
in these amazing conversations. They
might be in a restaurant
in Vegas while we're at
a conference in the middle
of the night and we
go, gosh, I wish we
had a recorder. I mean,
I cannot tell you, I
mean, I can tell you,
you were there how many
times we've had that experience,
where we've been somewhere in
this amazing conversation where someone
is telling an amazing story
and we just wished we
had a recorder. Oh yeah.
I kind of feel like
that's what you're trying to
do with the show. Yeah,
yeah. 100%. And same thing.
I have a bunch of
friends here that are technically
inclined and we're sitting at
lunch and one of them
will just tell me the
most incredible story about this
thing at sun. And I
just sit there and like
absolutely enraptured and just thinking
what, you know, and I
actually went out and bought
a Tascam, you know, MP3
recorder. I keep it with
me. I'm a complete dork.
I keep it with me
just in case from now
on. I should do that
too. I mean, there's been
a number of times when
I've been out and about,
and it kind of messes
up the spontaneity. I mean,
it's one of those things
where you sacrifice audio quality
for, you know, for spontaneity.
I've had times when I
wanted to bust out the
recorder, except I've got a
little M audio microtrack and
two microphones, and, you know,
it takes five minutes to
set up. So you have
a handheld one now that
you can use if in
case something spontaneous happens, I
do. It fits right in
my pocket. It's a, I
got it at Amazon, Amazon.
It's Great. I've seen people
try to make podcasts using
only like an iPhone or
a mobile phone recorder on.
I tend to recommend against
that because the microphone is
usually pretty low quality and
it almost always uses that
audio compressed. Do you have
a thought either way? Absolutely.
It takes a while to
master the audio aspect. As
a lot of people will
probably attest to that have
listened to the first few
episodes of this developer's life.
And, you know, if you
get into the audio production
part of it and you
start listening to higher end
audio, you don't, you can't
go backwards. So if you
start out with an iPhone
and just record a conversation,
it might sound okay to
your ears. But then let's
say you step up to
an MP three recorder that
costs maybe $50 at best
buy. And then you listen
to that and you say,
Oh my God, this just
sounds so much better. And
then you keep going. The
thing that you're actually picking
up is the texture of
the person's voice. And there's
so much to it. So
for instance, talking to you
now, I'm using a pretty
nice microphone and I'm actually,
I'm about three or four
inches from the, from the
pickup here. But you know,
you can, you can work
that to make it sound
like a much more intimate
experience as you know, you're
an audio person. And so
when you start mastering those
things that all of a
sudden opens up so much
more in terms of getting
to people and telling a
story, Well, I'm certainly not
as much an audio person
as Carl and Lawrence and
the folks at prop, because
just, just when I think
I get it, I learned
that I don't get it
at all, but a truth.
For example, I'm using an
older M audio microtrack, I've
got a shore microphone and
a pair of XLR two,
one quarter inch cables, and
I'm using a, an audio
trap T R a P
trap from a company called
real traps. This is kind
of like a portable vocal
booth to try to make
the sound quality a little
bit better. I think we're
probably looking at about $500
worth of equipment, but is
that, is that required for
someone to start a podcast?
I mean, couldn't someone out
there who has a great
story, just couldn't they just
record into their podcast or
just fire up Skype and
record the audio there. You
know, it's an interesting question.
I read a great article
by Dan Benjamin from five
by five studios who does
the dev show in about
a hundred other podcasts. But
if you go to hive,
logic.com, which is his blog
and you search for a
podcast, he has got a
getting started guide where he
talks about the investment that
you'll make, and you can
get off the ground for
50 bucks, you know, just
to get a reasonable microphone
and sit in a quiet
place. But then as more
and more people listen to
it, more and more people
are going to pick on
you. And as it becomes
more and more popular there,
you're going to be compared
to, you know, like Hansel
minutes, right. Where the audio
is spotless and people are
going to say, well, you
know, when I listened to
Scott, he sounds great. And
you sound like, you know,
you're, you're screaming into a
manhole. No one has said
that you're well, okay. Yeah.
So they've thought it though,
Right? Of course. So, you
know, you can get off
the ground easy, but I
will say it's like, it's
like owning an aquarium or,
or anything else really use
you quickly go down the
slide of how do I
sound better? Yeah. Faster. It's
definitely a humbling, like the,
I usually use the analogy
about, you know, once you
think you're a good fake
plastic rock player, if you're
doing like rock band on
an Xbox and you're on
easy, and then you see
someone do it on expert,
and then you think they're
amazing. And then you see
someone actually play the guitar,
you know, like Sean Wildermuth
or Carl Franklin, and you realize,
wow, we're not even playing
the same thing. Like I'm
playing fake plastic rock. That's
why, I mean, you can
make, you know, Dan, Dan
Benjamin's in an example, Carl Franklin
example, I mean, he has
an entire company dedicated to
high quality podcasting. So while
I appreciate that, you know,
people like the quality of
this show and that show
on the other show, you
can always be an expert
and you can always, and
then even then you might
discover that you're, you're not
playing in the same in
the same leagues, but don't
you think those are, those
are incremental improvements. I mean,
once you get to 80%,
85% good, you spend the
rest of your life trying
to get that last 15%
solid. Absolutely. And it's an
incident obsessive thing, for sure.
And you know, it mirrors
a lot of other things
you do in life, even
coding, you know, you can,
you can learn a language
to about 80% become functional
in, you know, really good,
but it's that last 20%,
whatever that becomes mastery and
grew time where you can
answer just about any question
at a conference, when someone
at your level, you know
what I mean? But, so
to get back a little
bit to, to what you
can do to get started
at, like for right now,
I'm actually recording in garage
band. I do all the
production in garage band, but
a lot of professional podcasters
would poopoo that, you know,
they'd say, Oh, go get
you, go get some of
the Sony tools or go
get pro logic and all
these other things, because you
can tune and fine tune
the music and, and everything
you do to such a
high degree. But for me,
you know, I, this does
everything I need. You can,
you can affect some background
effects. You can tweak the
vocals a little bit. You
can actually make your voice
sound like a female. If
you want to. I was
going to do that to
you. One of the podcasts,
but I didn't. I think
my voice does a decent
enough job with gen Lanka,
female. I don't need GarageBand
comes free with the new
max. Also audacity is a
free program you can go
grab and there's a ton
of things you can do
in there. And there's lots
of blog posts online about
how to get started. Hi,
this is Scott coming to
you from another place in
time. Are you using agile
practices to manage your software
development? There's lots of tools
in the market that manage
the steps of a project,
but most of them focus
on individual roles. Get ready
for a solution that caters
for the success of the
whole team. Guys at Tellerik
introduced team pulse. It's an
agile project management tool. That'll
help you gather ideas, estimate
plan, track progress in a
common workspace. Finally, companies, regardless
of their size can use
a lightweight and convenient tool
that makes all the stakeholders
work as a United team.
Even if they're in different
countries by combining intuitive user
interface and the power server
light team poles removes the
roadblocks that you typically face
and applying agile in an
effective manner, no more lost
data or disparate systems, no
lack of critical analytics regarding
the health and philosophy project.
See if yourself get a
free copy for five users
in one project at tellerik.com/team
pulse. And please do thank
Tellerik for supporting Hansel minutes
on their Facebook fan page,
facebook.com/t L E R I
K Keller. We do appreciate
it. There wouldn't be a
Hansel minutes. If there wasn't,
Tellerik helping us, how much
work should you put into
it? And I thought about
this recently because I kind
of woke up one day
and said, wow, I'm participating
in two podcasts. This is
taking away from coding time.
And you must have thought
the same thought, right? I
mean, you've got tech pub,
your video education site. You've
got work that you do
on the side as a
consultant and a gun for
hire. And we've got this
developer's life that you're doing
editing and production with me
on every hour that you're
spending editing your podcast is
an hour. You're not learning
Ruby or playing with C
sharp or whatever. Do you
balance that and say, well,
it's good enough. Or, or
do you get obsessive? And
then realize that you'll, you'll
burn an entire day on
some sound problem. I mean,
I guess what I'm trying
to understand is as a
programmer type personality, do you
consider this creative outlet being
different? And if so, is
it taking time away from
your, your more analytical life?
I've thought about that a
lot. And I think the
one answer that I can
give you is that I
don't think of it as
a, it's not necessarily a
debit let's call it that,
it's it actually the hours
that I spend on the
podcast multiply the time I'm
able to work on code.
For instance, it's a creative
outlet. It's something that I
actually need to do. And
I look forward to it
to the point where, you
know, when I know a
show is coming in and
I, we have the, we
have the interviews down, I
can't stop thinking about it.
And then in the evenings,
I'll sit down and start
splicing it. And it gets
so excited and so motivated,
listening to the stories and
putting it together that the
next day, you know, when
I'm working, I just feel
happy. And I don't know.
So I guess it depends
on your motivation. If you're
going to start a podcast
and you, you know, your
question was, you know, how
much time should you put
into it? For me, it's
a creative outlet and I
never feel like I have
to do it. I just
want to, and I let
it come and, you know,
out it goes, and then
I'm motivated to do, do
my regular job, I guess,
is the best way to
put it. And I feel
refreshed. I dunno. I dunno
if that's coming out in
a cohesive answer. No, I
think so. I think that
the, then the question for
people who are listening though,
is what if no one
listened to the show? Cause
sometimes, you know, I'm just
doing my thing, right? I'm
just turning the crank. And
I do a, I do
a show every week and
I enjoy it. And it's
part of my life. Now
we've done four years where
the shows and I, and
I tell people, it doesn't
really matter if anyone listens,
you know, if, if I
have five really awesome listeners
or 50,000 and you know,
I honestly couldn't tell you
exactly how many people listen
to the show. And when
I tell that to people,
they always think that it's
some kind of false modesty
and I'm sure you must
have the same thing. Oh,
well, you're Rob Connor. You
know, you've got a popular
blog, blah, blah, blah. You
know, for every person that's
doing okay, there's someone else
who's doing way better. You
know? I mean, you and
I have a nice little
thing going here and we've
got a nice following and
then you've got, you know,
Dan Benjamin, who's got more
than that. And then Leo
LaPorte has got more than
that. And Adam Curry has got
more than that, right? Not
everybody can be a Beyonce,
but would you do it?
Even if anyone, even if
no one was listening. Absolutely.
Absolutely. I, I try and
explain this to people, you
know, so there, we get
a lot of feedback and
a lot of people say,
you know, one person said
to me, I love the
podcast. I love the interviews.
I hate the music. If
you take the music out,
I won't listen to it
or I'll listen to it.
You know? And, and I
actually joyfully respond. I'm so
sorry. I'm going to lose
you as a listener, but
honestly, take this the right
way. I don't care because
this is, I can no
more control this creative thing
than I think anyone can
control, you know, any creative
effort really. And no, I
don't care if anybody listens,
this is a, it's just
an expression. It's a thing
I do. And for once
in my, in my kind
of professional existence, I have
complete 100% control over a
thing where it's not necessarily
due to a client. It's
something, you know, I create.
So normally when we write
code, we write it for
a business or a thing,
or to make money or
whatever. I don't have any
commitments here I just created
and I want it to
be. And because there's none
of that pressure of it
has expectations on it. I
feel like I have to
make it to be what
it is. And there is
no other way to do
it. So how do you,
so answer asking questions that
the audience might have? How
do you reconcile that with
me? You know, you have
100% over your 50%. Oh
right. You know, that's a
good question.  Let me
think of it. Right. When
we thought about joining up
in episode two, we was
like, Oh yeah, this is,
I mean, we'd both been
talking about doing a show
like this and it just,
it's a, it's a perfect
outlet for each of us.
And I didn't get any
sense at all. When I
joined, you know, early on
that we would have, we
haven't had any fights or
anything. No, not at all.
And I think when you,
when you talk to somebody
and they share your vision
to a point that, you
know, you, you start step
each other, rather than clash,
it only makes the effort
better. And for me, it's
like the show couldn't be
without you. It, because as
people are, can probably tell
in this podcast here, you
have a much better way
of, of narrating, you know?
And I'm, I try, I'm
getting there. I'm not a
natural speaker and I tend
to ramble as he knows.
Well, and so I don't,
I don't sound like I
ramble in the podcast because
I know. Yeah. But we
spent, we'll spend time at
like, you know, we'll be
up at like two in
the morning going over the
show and I'm like, okay,
Rob. So you said about
three minutes worth of information,
but you told us about
15 minutes to do it.
You're like really, you know,
this is the thing. Right.
And then I don't, I'm
not the music guy and
I will, so this is
why there's two of us,
you know, it's funny. Yeah.
I joked online that, you
know, I'm will I am
and you're Fergie, but in
a sense that there's truth
to that. And that I
can compose the story. I
can edit the arc down.
I can do all these
things, but I cannot necessarily
narrate as good as you
can. Not, not by any.
And also the interviews as
well is just stellar. So
anyway, it's a perfect fit
to get back And there's,
and there's there's administrative stuff
and running the site and
messing around with the audio
and uploading crap and finding
holsters and fighting. This is
the thing, right? It's 50
50. We, we split it,
but absolutely why, why not
keep a creative outlet to
yourself? Why not? Why not
just make just, just you
and you do it all
by yourself in a kind
of your cave. Well, it's
just more fun to share,
you know, especially when, when,
I mean, we always tell
our kids that, right? You,
you share your candy with
someone else. We'll give some
more candy back to you.
And all of a sudden
you have, you know, a
really fun time with somebody
and you're creating this shared
experience. And, you know, it's
fun to create. It's fun
to make art. It's fun
to do any sort of
effort, but when you share
it with somebody and, and
you feel their joy, it
resonates. And I feel that
the show is way better
because our two creative efforts
are of, you know, when
I sent her Florida It's
pair programming for audio, you
are more than twice as
productive. Absolutely. And I, when
I said before, it's my
creative outlet. I mean, it's,
doesn't change just because you
know, you're here. So it's
so funny though, that when
you talk about the excitement
I came out of the
Miguel interview, if you haven't
listened to the show, I'd
encourage you to check it
out. The most recent one,
I think was episode seven
and we had Alex Payne, we
had John Ray and we had
our, our, our mutual friend
Miquel DIA Kaza. And I
came out of the interview
with Miguel. I was just
like, I called you right
away. I was like on
campus. I was like, Oh
my God. That was so
awesome. Yeah, you made my
day. I'm such a fan
boy, but you know, it
was just a great interview.
It's one of those things
where we were both in
good moods and we both
had been well fed and
it was sunny outside and
you know, everything good. So
then we call each other
like little girls. It's like
Justin Bieber, excitement about, about
how well things went. You
know what I mean? Same
thing happened with the word
Cunningham interview. You remember? Oh
yeah. I listened to those
things. Well, you know, when
you called me, it was
funny, you called me and
I sat down and you
know, you dropped the audio
on Dropbox. And I sat
down and listened to it.
I'm like, Oh my gosh,
this is stellar. And you
know, the original cut was
about 35 minutes if I
remember. Right. And I was
just thinking, this is all
absolutely usable material, but I
have to edit it down
to meet, you know, the
overall story theme. And I
was just tearing myself to
pieces like, do I really
need to edit this? Will
we use some of it
later on? But that was
just brilliant. That interview was
just wonderful. That's a really
interesting point that you bring
up though. Right? I mean,
someone goes out into the
woods and he finds this
amazing piece of wood or
an old log, and then
they go back and the
log is beautiful, but somehow
they feel the need to
take away. They want to,
they want to whittle it
and they're questioning themselves the
whole time. You know, this
is a beautiful piece of
nature. It sits on itself,
but then it gets whittled
into something more. That, that
is kind of an, a
good example. I mean, we'll
go and we'll talk to
someone for an hour, hour
and a half, and you'll,
you'll, you'll eat 15 minutes
out of it, but it
does become more than, than
the raw It does. And
it's weird because I've thought
of that. Especially with this
last episode, when I put
in the, the mashups, because
I was sitting there thinking,
you know, why do I
want to do this? This
is just not really the
caliber of music I've put
in before. And not only
that, but you know, people,
as I mentioned have said
to us too much music,
and here I am putting
in more. And I thought,
I don't, I don't know
why. And the more I
would question, the more I
question, why I'm doing something,
the harder it is for
me to create it. So
I just turned off the
voice. And so then what
I do is I lay
down the, the music tracks
and then I'll go looking
for parts of Miguel's story
and I'll tack them together,
you know, kind of, you
know, things out, but there
is a voice inside my
head that tells me what
needs to be conveyed. And
then, you know, that's what
it comes down. And then
next thing I know I've
got, you know, 15, 20
minutes Miguel talking and it's
done One, one of the
things, one of the criticisms
that people have given us
is that maybe the show
is more than more than
an homage and Amash. Is
it animals? Is it, is
it? I was always thinking
about this whole funny thing,
taking a small tangent, you
know, how people have those,
those verbal affectations, right? Like
there's a guy at work.
There's a guy at work.
He's a great guy. I
love everything. He says, I
talked to him, you know,
all the time. And then
every once in a while
he'll say organization, Oh dear.
And it's like a slap
in the face. Yeah. And
then I wonder what's mine.
Well, yeah, there yet. It's
an homage, but Well, mine,
my, you know, my, I
have a, I have a
budge. I put syllables. I
emphasize the wrong thing on
the salon. Like, you know,
Eugene, right? Oh yeah. There's
a town in Oregon called
Eugene, Oregon where your brother
lives in, you always call
it Eugene, Eugene. And my
wife jumps at me because
I'll say insurance. It's like,
no, it's in insurance. And
I don't know where that
is. You know, that's funny.
I got in trouble once
with my wife for saying,
I think it was either
internship or internship. I don't,
I tend to this day
to this day, I'm not
even quite sure how to
pronounce new nuclear, nuclear pens
anymore. If you're from Texas,
it's nuclear, it's the rest
of the world. It's nuclear.
I it's. I know. So
anyway, we've been accused of
the show being more than
just an homage to this,
to this American life, but
a complete rip off. Yeah.
And I would, I think
my answer would be that
this American life is an
intense and pervasive inspiration for
the show, but I am
confident that our show has
and will continue to find
its own voice. What do
you, what do you think?
Certainly, but you have to
go farther back than just
this American life. Like if
you watch 48 hours or
2020, or any one of
those news programs, you know,
you will see the same
exact mechanism at work. Someone
narrating a story, it wasn't
narrating or narrating, so I'm
pretty sure. Yeah. And then,
and then music overlaid and
all of a sudden dramatic
pause. It's a really old
style tried and true way
of telling a story. So
at the same time, yeah,
we do need to find
our own voice. I feel
like with the last two
or three, it's just come
a little bit easier. Yeah.
I just don't know what
you're doing. The first few,
Five, six and seven w
the first one, I love
that. I love all the
shows, but five, six and
seven are really starting to
become into or coming into
our place. I think, which
makes me happy because it
is always going to seem
like this American life, if
you are used to multi
act one hour long podcast
with music and dramatic pauses.
But like you said, you
know, law and order is
the same thing. I mean,
TV shows. Yeah. It's just
a cinematic way of telling
a story. Someone, someone said,
you sounded like captain Kirk.
I know. I don't know.
You know, man, That awful,
the criticism is awful, but
you, you say, you see,
you say that you don't
mind Rob, but you do
mind. You feel it. It's
funny because you talk about,
we talk about affectations. It's
one of the things that,
you know, I remember going
to speaker training at Microsoft.
They were like, you know,
realize what you do over
and over again as a
crutch when you're speaking. And
for me, I speak too
fast. And as you can
hear on this podcast, so
when I'm narrating, narrating, what
I tend to do is
slow my voice down. But
when I slow my voice
down, I tend to sound
dramatic and people should think
you're squeezing that a little
much. It's it's, it's, it's
part of who you are
though. It's funny. Although, pretty,
pretty soon, I think we'll
start hearing, we'll start hearing
people make fun of you.
Like, like we'll hear like,
cause you were trying to
make, you always try to
make fun of me and
any opportunity that you have.
I, I should, I should
open up the next episode
of let's develop his life.
I'm lob Conrad. And I
thought to go bump programming
today. Fantastic. That's Scott Hanselman.
Now Scott likes, see, I
can't do you All you
have to do to do
me is you say so
now? Or like any, anything,
and then add a comment,
which is like, that's right.
And now I'm picking the
conversation this direction or really?
Okay. So I'm going to
take the conversation in this
direction. That's how you make
fun of me. No, no,
no. Your applications it's true.
No, your expectations. And I
would also encourage people to
know how to pronounce words.
Oh my gosh. I was
listening to, Oh gosh. I've
can't remember where it was,
but the, the person narrating,
it kept saying similarly
similarly, it stopped me in
my tracks. I lost all
EV I mean, I couldn't
follow along anymore. I was
listening to another very, very
famous podcaster on the radio.
Who said it wasn't, they
didn't, they didn't say human.
There was like human, like
the human condition. Yes. That's.
That's not, that's not okay.
Yeah. It's amazing what comes
out. Like I remember, I
don't want to, Oh, it's
going to, I was gonna
talk about somebody. I think
the point is though that
everyone has those words, that
you can go 30, 40
years of your life. And
never really know I was
on channel nine once with
Dan Fernandez. And I said,
trout, T H R O
G H it's trough like
a trough, like the Nadir
of a, of a curve.
And somewhere in my brain
for the last 30 years,
I thought that it was
pronounced to trial. And I
just never like corrected that,
that bite. There's no CRC
in my brain to correct
that. So Dan was like,
what are you saying? What
is wrong with you? I
think the embarrassed people are
going to have those mistakes
and that's okay on your,
on your show and you
shouldn't sweat it. Yup. Okay.
Well, you know, you try
not to, but like even
today on Twitter, someone asked
me, shouldn't it be this
developer life instead of the
possessive, this developers? And I
thought, well, that's an interesting,
interesting take. And so we
went back and forth and
next thing you know, we're
talking about nouns and adjectives
and verbs and you know,
old style naming. And it's
just funny. I mean, you
know, and it wasn't an
argument by any stretch, but
you know, as developers, we
like to be exact and
it didn't make sense to
him. Why we'd have the
possessive in the name? And
I thought, well, I guess
I really don't have much
of a reason. It just
seemed to flow. You know?
Well, I mean, whether you
name it this developer life
or this developer's life, the
point is we're going to
keep moving forward. We're going
to try to explore stories
from everybody. I think that
we've, we've had a couple
of famous people on maybe
just because we know some
of them and they were
conveniently located. I think that
we should have more, not
famous people on. I think
that in the future we'll
have some spontaneous interviews. Like
when you have lunch with
someone and pull out your,
pull out your microphone. Yeah,
absolutely. And it is one
of my goals to have
much, many more common stories,
much more relatable stories because
while interviewing wrestling and DHH
is fun, it's it? I
think to a lot of
people, it's hard to relate
to them yet. Their stories
were so inspirational. I just
felt like they had yeah,
Yeah. Out there. I think
that we do appreciate it.
I don't know about you.
I do appreciate the story
ideas. I mean, we've got
at least five good story
ideas. Maybe 10 someone had
an idea called solitude about
the lone programmer. People doing
big stuff all by themselves.
I mean, I think you
would agree if someone has
a great idea for a
story. Tell us on Twitter
and we are keeping track.
Absolutely. Cool. Well, thanks Rob
for chatting with me today.
Yeah, absolutely. Next time you
get to play me in
the next episode. Play Rob
Connery on a podcast. That'd
be fantastic. Right then. All
right, well check out our
show. It's at www dot
this developer's life.com and thank
you so much listening to
yet Another episode of Hansel
minutes. I'll see you again
next week.